docs/using/backups/index.md, before:

---
title: Backups
slug: /backups
---

You do not need to create any special backups of your Raindrop.io items, all data is **securely stored** in the cloud.
But backups can be handy when you **need to restore** some accidentally deleted collections or bookmarks.
Or transfer data to browser or third-party service.

## Downloading a backup
Request a new backup file of all your data anytime in [Backups](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups) section.   
Just click `Create new`. You will receive an email in next few minutes.

Need to backup only some collections? Please use [export](../export/index.md) instead.

## Restoring a backup
Just [import](../../getting-started/import.md) backup file

## Automatic daily backups {#automatic}
If you’re a [Pro user](../../billing/premium-features.md), Raindrop creates backup files for you automatically.
Automatic backups are created once a day on days you made any changes.


### Dropbox
In addition you can enable automatic backups to your `Dropbox`.   
Backup files will be placed to `/Apps/Raindrop.io` folder.

#### Enable Dropbox Backup
1. Visit [settings page](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups)
2. Turn on/off particular account in `Cloud backup` section
3. Shortly after first backup will be made

### Google Drive
In addition you can enable automatic backups to your `Google Drive`.   
Backup will be saved to `Raindrop.io-Export.html` and `Raindrop.io-Export.csv` file

#### Enable Google Drive Backup
1. Visit [settings page](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups)
2. Turn on/off particular account in `Cloud backup` section
3. Shortly after first backup will be made

## Limitations
- Your account can store up to 30 recent backups. When a new backup is created, the oldest one is automatically deleted.
- Currently, backup files include: Collections, Links, Tags, and Highlights.
- Uploaded files are not included in backups.
- Collection icons are not included in backups.

Commit message:

Mention that google drive backups can be moved to any folder

docs/using/backups/index.md, after:

---
title: Backups
slug: /backups
---

You do not need to create any special backups of your Raindrop.io items, all data is **securely stored** in the cloud.
But backups can be handy when you **need to restore** some accidentally deleted collections or bookmarks.
Or transfer data to browser or third-party service.

## Downloading a backup
Request a new backup file of all your data anytime in [Backups](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups) section.   
Just click `Create new`. You will receive an email in next few minutes.

Need to backup only some collections? Please use [export](../export/index.md) instead.

## Restoring a backup
Just [import](../../getting-started/import.md) backup file

## Automatic daily backups {#automatic}
If you’re a [Pro user](../../billing/premium-features.md), Raindrop creates backup files for you automatically.
Automatic backups are created once a day on days you made any changes.


### Dropbox
In addition you can enable automatic backups to your `Dropbox`.   
Backup files will be placed to `/Apps/Raindrop.io` folder.

#### Enable Dropbox Backup
1. Visit [settings page](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups)
2. Turn on/off particular account in `Cloud backup` section
3. Shortly after first backup will be made

### Google Drive
You can also enable automatic backups to your Google Drive.   
Backups are saved as `Raindrop.io-Export.html` and `Raindrop.io-Export.csv` in the root of your Drive.

You can move these files to any folder—they will remain linked to Raindrop.

#### Enable Google Drive Backup
1. Visit [settings page](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/backups)
2. Turn on/off particular account in `Cloud backup` section
3. Shortly after first backup will be made

## Limitations
- Your account can store up to 30 recent backups. When a new backup is created, the oldest one is automatically deleted.
- Currently, backup files include: Collections, Links, Tags, and Highlights.
- Uploaded files are not included in backups.
- Collection icons are not included in backups.
