docs/getting-started/about/index.md, before:

---
title: About Raindrop.io
slug: /about
---

import Header from './header.svg';

In our fast-moving world, bookmarks bar no longer the best place for ideas, inspiration and knowledge. Your browser doesn’t give you tools to organize and resurface things you’ve saved. Even worse, you can’t access them outside of a particular ecosystem.

Our goal is to improve how teams and individuals deal with their bookmarks. We want to bring back a passion for collecting!

<div style={{background: 'var(--docsearch-searchbox-background)', padding: '0 1rem', borderRadius: '6px'}}>
<Header />
</div>

## Collect everything in one place
Raindrop.io is the best place to keep all your favorite books, songs, articles or whatever else you come across while browsing.

- Save text, images & links from the web
- Upload images & files
- Add notes & photos from your phone

## Use cases

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Plan your next travel

</summary>

You can use Raindrop.io to plan anything; from photoshoots, to home renovation.
We’ve even known people use Raindrop.io to plan their wedding.

I’m planning a travel, and I’ve been mapping out where we are going to be sleeping, eating, dancing, and driving on Raindrop.io.

Raindrop.io supports all sorts of content. 
From bookmarked websites to Google maps, and the best Spotify playlists. 
So I can save everything in one place, from spots for hiking to tasty taco stops to refuel, all along our route.

</details>

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Create mood boards

</summary>

Mood boards can be great for gathering inspiration and help kick-start ideas.
Mood boards are visual collections that capture the essence of a project.

Raindrop.io can help you make visual collections that you can access and edit from anywhere.
You can upload files directly to Raindrop.io, or save images online using our browser extension.

</details>


## Made by an Indie Developer
There’s no need these days to have dozens of people to create great software.
Modern cloud technologies give everybody the power to create solid and reliable apps that can serve millions of users and terabytes of data.

That’s why it’s possible to develop and maintain an app like this alone.

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Author

</summary>

Hi! My name is Rustem Mussabekov.
I’m originally from the Kazakhstan, now living in Russia.
I have a computer science degree and nine years of experience as UI/UX designer in commercial products.

My passion for building apps began to blossom when I discovered Visual Basic 6. The idea that I could draw an elements and then translate them into a working app was blew my mind. Now, this is what I doing in daily basis.

Raindrop.io is my main job and a single source of income.

</details>

## What about privacy?
I don’t sell data, I sell software. The only way I make money is through direct sales of the app to you. This revenue is enough to stay independent, ignore funding and focus on product, instead of finding more ways to monetize.

Raindrop.io is designed to be a private workspace. 
On Raindrop.io you have total control over who has access to anything, and we’re private by default. 
You are able to collaborate with your colleague in one collection, an external client in another, and also have space for your own references and inspiration.

No ads and tracking. You have enough websites tracking you all over the internet and trying to get you to buy their stuff, on Raindrop.io you can cut through all that noise and focus on getting stuff done.

Source code of all of our apps is open source. Anyone can examine code and know what exactly happen behind the scene. Check our [Github repositories](https://github.com/raindropio).


## Security
The safety of your data is a crucial part of Raindrop.io’s DNA.
At any given time, there are three copies of your data in globally distributed data centers. If failure happens, I can restore to any time in the previous 24h, thanks to continuous backup of the database.

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### 100% cloud-based architecture

</summary>

Raindrop.io have Serverless Architecture. This modern approach creates highly available services that automatically scale with zero administration. This way you can expect almost zero downtimes.

Raindrop.io uses Amazon Web Services for processing and storage, and thus inherits their state of the art security levels.
It features a dedicated firewall, key-based SSH login, and extensive monitoring features. Only I have direct access to the hosting machines and their logins are secured using two factor authentication.

The hosting system is kept up to date perpetually and monitored against intrusion. All Raindrop.io user connections are encrypted using HTTPS using state of the art RSA 2048 bits keys. Its configuration supports current security features such as PFS and SHA256 digests. Its Qualys SSL Rating is «A».

Direct file access is protected behind the following security measures:
- Obfuscation of the file path. It’s impossible to guess specific file URL of specific user
- In future we will use an access tokens to access the files directly, and they will be refreshed frequently

</details>

If you want to be even more confident, just use our [automatic backup solution](../../using/backups/index.md#automatic) that supports Dropbox or Google Drive at the moment.


## How long project been around?
I've been working on Raindrop.io since 2013, which is a long time for a bookmarking site, and I've learned a lot in the past eight years.

You can trust Raindrop.io will be around for years to come because I always working behind the scenes.
When you save something to Raindrop.io, you will be able to access it whenever you need. Whether that’s five minutes later, or five years later.

Commit message:

Update info about direct file access

docs/getting-started/about/index.md, after:

---
title: About Raindrop.io
slug: /about
---

import Header from './header.svg';

In our fast-moving world, bookmarks bar no longer the best place for ideas, inspiration and knowledge. Your browser doesn’t give you tools to organize and resurface things you’ve saved. Even worse, you can’t access them outside of a particular ecosystem.

Our goal is to improve how teams and individuals deal with their bookmarks. We want to bring back a passion for collecting!

<div style={{background: 'var(--docsearch-searchbox-background)', padding: '0 1rem', borderRadius: '6px'}}>
<Header />
</div>

## Collect everything in one place
Raindrop.io is the best place to keep all your favorite books, songs, articles or whatever else you come across while browsing.

- Save text, images & links from the web
- Upload images & files
- Add notes & photos from your phone

## Use cases

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Plan your next travel

</summary>

You can use Raindrop.io to plan anything; from photoshoots, to home renovation.
We’ve even known people use Raindrop.io to plan their wedding.

I’m planning a travel, and I’ve been mapping out where we are going to be sleeping, eating, dancing, and driving on Raindrop.io.

Raindrop.io supports all sorts of content. 
From bookmarked websites to Google maps, and the best Spotify playlists. 
So I can save everything in one place, from spots for hiking to tasty taco stops to refuel, all along our route.

</details>

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Create mood boards

</summary>

Mood boards can be great for gathering inspiration and help kick-start ideas.
Mood boards are visual collections that capture the essence of a project.

Raindrop.io can help you make visual collections that you can access and edit from anywhere.
You can upload files directly to Raindrop.io, or save images online using our browser extension.

</details>


## Made by an Indie Developer
There’s no need these days to have dozens of people to create great software.
Modern cloud technologies give everybody the power to create solid and reliable apps that can serve millions of users and terabytes of data.

That’s why it’s possible to develop and maintain an app like this alone.

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Author

</summary>

Hi! My name is Rustem Mussabekov.
I’m originally from the Kazakhstan, now living in Russia.
I have a computer science degree and nine years of experience as UI/UX designer in commercial products.

My passion for building apps began to blossom when I discovered Visual Basic 6. The idea that I could draw an elements and then translate them into a working app was blew my mind. Now, this is what I doing in daily basis.

Raindrop.io is my main job and a single source of income.

</details>

## What about privacy?
I don’t sell data, I sell software. The only way I make money is through direct sales of the app to you. This revenue is enough to stay independent, ignore funding and focus on product, instead of finding more ways to monetize.

Raindrop.io is designed to be a private workspace. 
On Raindrop.io you have total control over who has access to anything, and we’re private by default. 
You are able to collaborate with your colleague in one collection, an external client in another, and also have space for your own references and inspiration.

No ads and tracking. You have enough websites tracking you all over the internet and trying to get you to buy their stuff, on Raindrop.io you can cut through all that noise and focus on getting stuff done.

Source code of all of our apps is open source. Anyone can examine code and know what exactly happen behind the scene. Check our [Github repositories](https://github.com/raindropio).


## Security
The safety of your data is a crucial part of Raindrop.io’s DNA.
At any given time, there are three copies of your data in globally distributed data centers. If failure happens, I can restore to any time in the previous 24h, thanks to continuous backup of the database.

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### 100% cloud-based architecture

</summary>

Raindrop.io have Serverless Architecture. This modern approach creates highly available services that automatically scale with zero administration. This way you can expect almost zero downtimes.

Raindrop.io uses Amazon Web Services for processing and storage, and thus inherits their state of the art security levels.
It features a dedicated firewall, key-based SSH login, and extensive monitoring features. Only I have direct access to the hosting machines and their logins are secured using two factor authentication.

The hosting system is kept up to date perpetually and monitored against intrusion. All Raindrop.io user connections are encrypted using HTTPS using state of the art RSA 2048 bits keys. Its configuration supports current security features such as PFS and SHA256 digests. Its Qualys SSL Rating is «A».

Direct file access is protected behind the following security measures:
- Direct file URL is temporary and expire after 10 minutes
- Unauthorized access is prohibited unless you make a parent collection public

</details>

If you want to be even more confident, just use our [automatic backup solution](../../using/backups/index.md#automatic) that supports Dropbox or Google Drive at the moment.


## How long project been around?
I've been working on Raindrop.io since 2013, which is a long time for a bookmarking site, and I've learned a lot in the past eight years.

You can trust Raindrop.io will be around for years to come because I always working behind the scenes.
When you save something to Raindrop.io, you will be able to access it whenever you need. Whether that’s five minutes later, or five years later.
