docs/using/embed/index.md, before:

---
title: Embed
slug: /embed
---

You can add a Raindrop.io bookmarks to a website or blog by embedding it.

## Embed bookmarks {#collection}
1. On a computer, go to https://app.raindrop.io/
2. Open collection you want to embed
3. Click `Share` button in top right corner
4. Now turn on `Public page` and then click `Embed`
5. Copy embed code and paste it into your website or blog

This is how your embed might look:
<iframe style={{border: 0, width: '100%', height: 450}} allowfullscreen frameborder="0" src="https://raindrop.io/press/movies-2199085/embed" allowfullscreen />

## Embed user profile {#user}
Your public user profile is accessible only if you have at least one public collection. So be sure to turn it on for some before following this steps:
1. On a computer, go to [Account Settings](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/account)
2. Copy your `Username`
3. Paste such URL in browser address bar: `https://raindrop.io/your-user-name`
4. In top right corner click `Embed`
5. Copy embed code and paste it into your website or blog

This is how your embed might look:
<iframe style={{border: 0, width: '100%', height: 450}} allowfullscreen frameborder="0" src="https://raindrop.io/press/embed/me" allowfullscreen />

Commit message:

how to hide elements in embed

docs/using/embed/index.md, after:

---
title: Embed
slug: /embed
---

You can add a Raindrop.io bookmarks to a website or blog by embedding it.

## Embed bookmarks {#collection}
1. On a computer, go to https://app.raindrop.io/
2. Open collection you want to embed
3. Click `Share` button in top right corner
4. Now turn on `Public page` and then click `Embed`
5. Copy embed code and paste it into your website or blog

This is how your embed might look:
<iframe style={{border: 0, width: '100%', height: 450}} allowfullscreen frameborder="0" src="https://raindrop.io/press/movies-2199085/embed" allowfullscreen />

### Hide some elements
You can hide for example description or tags from embeded view.  
Just put any of keyword(s) below (separated by comma) to `Hide` field in embed settings:

Element | keyword
------- | -------
Top header | `header`
Description | `excerpt`
Domain & date | `info`
Add to Raindrop button | `add`

## Embed user profile {#user}
Your public user profile is accessible only if you have at least one public collection. So be sure to turn it on for some before following this steps:
1. On a computer, go to [Account Settings](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/account)
2. Copy your `Username`
3. Paste such URL in browser address bar: `https://raindrop.io/your-user-name`
4. In top right corner click `Embed`
5. Copy embed code and paste it into your website or blog

This is how your embed might look:
<iframe style={{border: 0, width: '100%', height: 450}} allowfullscreen frameborder="0" src="https://raindrop.io/press/embed/me" allowfullscreen />
