docs/using/browser-extension/index.md, before:

---
title: Browser Extension
slug: /browser-extension
---

:::info Important
Please [install browser extension](../../getting-started/install-extension/index.md)
:::


## Getting started
With our browser extension, you can easily add new bookmarks and conveniently access them.   
There are multiple ways to access the Raindrop.io extension in your browser:

### Toolbar button
When you're browsing the web and want to save your current web page to Raindrop.io, use the Raindrop.io toolbar button to do it in just a few clicks.

<p><img src={require('./intro.jpg').default} style={{width:'auto',maxHeight:300,display:'inline'}} /></p>

If you cannot locate the Raindrop.io cloud toolbar button, please click on the "puzzle" icon first and then pin it for easy access.

<p><img src={require('./pintoolbar.jpg').default} style={{width:'auto', maxHeight:350,display:'inline'}} /></p>

### Side panel
In Chrome, Firefox, and Opera, you have the option to open the Raindrop.io side panel, providing you with constant and convenient access to your bookmarks.
What's even cooler is that you can simply drag new links and images into the panel to save them.

![](sidebar.jpg)

#### Chrome
In a toolbar click `Sidepanel` icon, then make sure `Raindrop.io` is selected as current panel.

#### Firefox
In main menu click `View / Sidebar / Raindrop.io`

#### Opera
You can find a Raindrop.io cloud icon in browser sidebar

### Context menu
Right click anywhere on the page and select one of available Raindrop.io actions like:
- [Save link, image, audio or video](#save-page)
- [Save highlight](../highlights/index.md)

## How to

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save Page {#save-page}

</summary>

1. Browse to a website or video you would like to save to Raindrop.io 
2. Click the Raindrop.io extension button or press `⌘+⇪+S` (on a Mac), `Ctrl+Shift+S` (on a Windows)
3. Click the `Save` button to send the content to the `Unsorted` or chosen collection

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save Link or Image

</summary>

1. Right-click on a link or image
2. Select `Save link` or `Save image`

</details>



<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Add highlight

</summary>

[Learn more](../highlights/index.md#add-extension)

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save All Tabs {#save-tabs}

</summary>

When you have many tabs open, saving them one at a time is a bit tedious. Instead you can save them at once.
<p><img src={require('./tabs.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:496}} /></p>

**How to use?**
- If you have `Clipper` appearance just click `Tabs…` in bottom left corner of a window.
- If you have `Mini App` appearance just mouse over `Save` and select `Save tabs…`.

By default saved tabs will have a tag with a date. That way you can find them easly later.

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Search from Address Bar

</summary>

You can search your bookmarks right from browser address bar by typing special keyword before your query.

![](./omnibox.png)

Just type ``rd`` and then your search query. For example `rd design`.

:::tip
Feel free to use [advanced search operators](../search/index.md#operators) to find precisely
:::

:::caution
This feature is not available in Safari browser
:::note

:::caution
Chrome only: Make sure that Chrome `Settings / Search engine / Keyboard shortcut` setting value is `Space or tab`
:::

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Enable Saved Page Indicator {#saved-indicator}

</summary>

See if a page already saved: special [✔] indicator will be showed when you visit already saved page

<p style={{display: 'grid', gridGap: 8, gridAutoFlow: 'column'}}>
    <img src={require('./highlight.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:100,display:'inline'}} />
    <img src={require('./highlight-safari.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:100,display:'inline'}} />
</p>

1. Click on a Raindrop.io extension button
2. Click on your profile avatar
3. Click `Settings`
4. Enable `Tabs access` in `Permissions` section

</details>



## Tips & tricks

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### One Click Save

</summary>

Do you prefer to save new bookmarks as fast as possible and organize them later?
Follow few simple steps to enable one click save mode:

1. Click on a Raindrop.io extension button
2. Click on your profile avatar
3. Click `Settings`
4. Select `Clipper` in `Appearance` section
5. Enable `Save automatically` in `New bookmark` section

</details>


## Hotkeys {#hotkeys}
Command | macOS | Windows / Linux
------- | ------ | --------------
Save current page / highlight | ⌘+⇪+S | Ctrl+Shift+S
Open browser extension | ⌘+⇪+E | Ctrl+Shift+E

:::note
**Firefox only**: the hotkey for save current page / highlight is `Alt+Shift+S`
:::

<details><summary>

### Change hotkey

</summary>

Here how to access and change all available hotkeys (keyboard shortcuts):

#### Chrome, Opera, Edge, Brave
1. Paste `chrome://extensions/shortcuts` URL into browser address bar and press Enter
2. Find `Raindrop.io`

#### Firefox
1. Paste `about:addons` URL into browser address bar and press Enter
2. Click on a cog icon
3. Click `Manage Extension Shortcuts`
4. Find `Raindrop.io`

#### Safari
Not supported to change hotkeys
</details>

## Privacy & FAQ
### What data does the extension collect?
The browser extension does not do or collect anything unless you tell it to. It sits quietly in the background, waiting for you to interact with it.

What that means is, only if you press a button (for example: Raindrop.io) will it send a URL, or an image to the Raindrop.io servers so we can bookmark it for you. We will NEVER access anything else in your browser without your permission and explicit action.

Commit message:

- About page improve - Firefox sidebar toolbar button

docs/using/browser-extension/index.md, after:

---
title: Browser Extension
slug: /browser-extension
---

:::info Important
Please [install browser extension](../../getting-started/install-extension/index.md)
:::


## Getting started
With our browser extension, you can easily add new bookmarks and conveniently access them.   
There are multiple ways to access the Raindrop.io extension in your browser:

### Toolbar button
When you're browsing the web and want to save your current web page to Raindrop.io, use the Raindrop.io toolbar button to do it in just a few clicks.

<p><img src={require('./intro.jpg').default} style={{width:'auto',maxHeight:300,display:'inline'}} /></p>

If you cannot locate the Raindrop.io cloud toolbar button, please click on the "puzzle" icon first and then pin it for easy access.

<p><img src={require('./pintoolbar.jpg').default} style={{width:'auto', maxHeight:350,display:'inline'}} /></p>

### Side panel
In Chrome, Firefox, and Opera, you have the option to open the Raindrop.io side panel, providing you with constant and convenient access to your bookmarks.
What's even cooler is that you can simply drag new links and images into the panel to save them.

![](sidebar.jpg)

#### Chrome
In a toolbar click `Sidepanel` icon, then make sure `Raindrop.io` is selected as current panel.

#### Firefox
In main menu click `View / Sidebar / Raindrop.io`.   
Or <a href="https://support.mozilla.org/kb/use-firefox-sidebar-access-bookmarks-history-synced" target="_blank">pin sidebar button in a toolbar</a> to have a quick access

#### Opera
You can find a Raindrop.io cloud icon in browser sidebar

### Context menu
Right click anywhere on the page and select one of available Raindrop.io actions like:
- [Save link, image, audio or video](#save-page)
- [Save highlight](../highlights/index.md)

## How to

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save Page {#save-page}

</summary>

1. Browse to a website or video you would like to save to Raindrop.io 
2. Click the Raindrop.io extension button or press `⌘+⇪+S` (on a Mac), `Ctrl+Shift+S` (on a Windows)
3. Click the `Save` button to send the content to the `Unsorted` or chosen collection

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save Link or Image

</summary>

1. Right-click on a link or image
2. Select `Save link` or `Save image`

</details>



<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Add highlight

</summary>

[Learn more](../highlights/index.md#add-extension)

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Save All Tabs {#save-tabs}

</summary>

When you have many tabs open, saving them one at a time is a bit tedious. Instead you can save them at once.
<p><img src={require('./tabs.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:496}} /></p>

**How to use?**
- If you have `Clipper` appearance just click `Tabs…` in bottom left corner of a window.
- If you have `Mini App` appearance just mouse over `Save` and select `Save tabs…`.

By default saved tabs will have a tag with a date. That way you can find them easly later.

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Search from Address Bar

</summary>

You can search your bookmarks right from browser address bar by typing special keyword before your query.

![](./omnibox.png)

Just type ``rd`` and then your search query. For example `rd design`.

:::tip
Feel free to use [advanced search operators](../search/index.md#operators) to find precisely
:::

:::caution
This feature is not available in Safari browser
:::note

:::caution
Chrome only: Make sure that Chrome `Settings / Search engine / Keyboard shortcut` setting value is `Space or tab`
:::

</details>


<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### Enable Saved Page Indicator {#saved-indicator}

</summary>

See if a page already saved: special [✔] indicator will be showed when you visit already saved page

<p style={{display: 'grid', gridGap: 8, gridAutoFlow: 'column'}}>
    <img src={require('./highlight.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:100,display:'inline'}} />
    <img src={require('./highlight-safari.jpg').default} style={{maxHeight:100,display:'inline'}} />
</p>

1. Click on a Raindrop.io extension button
2. Click on your profile avatar
3. Click `Settings`
4. Enable `Tabs access` in `Permissions` section

</details>



## Tips & tricks

<!------------------------------>
<details><summary>

### One Click Save

</summary>

Do you prefer to save new bookmarks as fast as possible and organize them later?
Follow few simple steps to enable one click save mode:

1. Click on a Raindrop.io extension button
2. Click on your profile avatar
3. Click `Settings`
4. Select `Clipper` in `Appearance` section
5. Enable `Save automatically` in `New bookmark` section

</details>


## Hotkeys {#hotkeys}
Command | macOS | Windows / Linux
------- | ------ | --------------
Save current page / highlight | ⌘+⇪+S | Ctrl+Shift+S
Open browser extension | ⌘+⇪+E | Ctrl+Shift+E

:::note
**Firefox only**: the hotkey for save current page / highlight is `Alt+Shift+S`
:::

<details><summary>

### Change hotkey

</summary>

Here how to access and change all available hotkeys (keyboard shortcuts):

#### Chrome, Opera, Edge, Brave
1. Paste `chrome://extensions/shortcuts` URL into browser address bar and press Enter
2. Find `Raindrop.io`

#### Firefox
1. Paste `about:addons` URL into browser address bar and press Enter
2. Click on a cog icon
3. Click `Manage Extension Shortcuts`
4. Find `Raindrop.io`

#### Safari
Not supported to change hotkeys
</details>

## Privacy & FAQ
### What data does the extension collect?
The browser extension does not do or collect anything unless you tell it to. It sits quietly in the background, waiting for you to interact with it.

What that means is, only if you press a button (for example: Raindrop.io) will it send a URL, or an image to the Raindrop.io servers so we can bookmark it for you. We will NEVER access anything else in your browser without your permission and explicit action.
