---
title: Two-Factor Authentication
slug: /tfa
---

You want to feel safe and secure in everything you do in life, particularly when it comes to your personal data. That’s why we’ve implemented several security measures to make your Raindrop.io account as safe as possible.

## Enable 2FA {#enable}
Two-factor authentication (also referred to as 2FA) adds an extra layer of security to your account by requiring you to use an authentication app when logging into your account.

:::note
If you don’t already have an authentication app (such as Authy or Google Authenticator) on your mobile device, make sure to install one first.
:::

In order to use 2FA on your account, you’ll need to turn on the setting first. Here’s how:

1. Select [2FA in Raindrop settings](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/tfa)
2. Click `Add`
3. Scan or copy the secret code you see to your authentication app
4. Enter the verification code
5. Click `Continue` in the bottom-right corner
6. Save your recovery codes

:::caution Required
It’s very important that you save recovery code in a secure place. If you ever get logged out of your account, you may need it to get back in.
:::

2FA will now be enabled on your account.

## Disable 2FA {#disable}
### Using one-time passcode or recovery code
1. Select [2FA in Raindrop settings](https://app.raindrop.io/settings/tfa)
2. Click `Disable`
3. Enter a one-time passcode from your authentication app or recovery code

### Using recovery code
1. Start the [login](https://app.raindrop.io/account) process like you normally would
2. When you get to the step where you get asked for an authentication code, select `Disable`.
3. Enter your recovery code and click `Disable`

## FAQ {#faq}
### What is a one-time passcode?
A one-time passcode is a six digit code generated by your authentication app. If you’ve enabled 2FA on your account, you’ll be prompted to use a one-time passcode for a variety of actions such as:

* Logging in to your account
* Disabling 2FA

### What is a recovery code?
Your recovery code is unique to your account and can be used to gain access to your Raindrop.io account if you’re no longer able to generate a one-time passcode (for example, if your mobile device breaks and you’re no longer able to log in to your authentication app).

### I don't have access to my authentication app and my recovery codes. What should I do?
If you've lost access to both means of recovering your account, you won't be able to access your account anymore, unfortunately.

### Does Raindrop.io 2FA support physical security keys?
At the moment, we only support authentication apps, but we hope to support security keys in the future.