docs/legal/privacy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy
slug: /privacy
---

Raindrop.io (or "Us/We/Our”) cares about the privacy of individuals who visit our website at https://raindrop.io/ or use our Raindrop.io browser extension, desktop and mobile application or access our API, and otherwise do business with us. 

This Privacy Policy explains how Raindrop.io collects, uses, processes, discloses, and safeguards information we obtain from and about our customers, visitors to our Sites, and business prospects and partners (collectively, "You”), including information we collect when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications or other services offered by Raindrop.io, or purchase our products and services (collectively, our "Services”). 

It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. 

Your use of the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service that can be viewed at  https://help.raindrop.io/terms.

## 1. How Raindrop.io Collects Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you, our business partner, from various sources described below.

Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.

### i. Personal Information Provided by You
#### Registration and Other Information You Provide
We collect your information, including your sign-in credentials, name and email address (if provided), when you register to use our Services, request that we contact you or provide additional information to you, or attend an event.

#### Communications
If you contact us directly, such as to request information or access to the Services, or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication. We may receive information when you complete a form on our Sites.

#### Payment Information
Payments information provided by you via the Sites will be stored and processed by FastSpring. We will collect certain information on the Sites required for FastSpring to process payments, including credit / debit card numbers, security numbers and other related payment information. All such information is subject to the privacy policy of FastSpring (available here  https://fastspring.com/privacy/).

### ii. Information We Collect When You Use the Services
#### Device Information
We receive information about your device, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, mobile device model, device manufacturer and model, language codes.

#### Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device.
When you use our Services, we and our third party service providers may collect information from you through cookies.

We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. 
If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of the Services may not work fully.

We work with analytics provider called Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

#### Additional data gathered from our browser extension
It's opt-in feature (disabled by default): We can mark currently opened browser tab as saved in your Raindrop.io account, in this case blue start icon will appear on browser action button.
We use URL of currently open browser tab to determine this information.
**We do not send this data to our server, nor other third parties**.

## 2. How Raindrop.io Uses Information
Raindrop.io will use information, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:

#### Providing the Service
We use your information to provide our Services.

#### Analytics
We will use your information to understand and analyze how you use our Services.

#### Communications
Raindrop.io will use your information to communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and to send emails to an email address you provide to us for customer-service or technical-support purposes.

If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when:

You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example, to receive marketing communications. 
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. 
We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal;
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including for account registration, or to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; and
We or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. 
In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services.

## 3. How Raindrop.io Discloses Information
### As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
We may disclose information about you: 
(i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; 
(ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; 
(iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss to property; 
or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.

## 4. Transfer to Other Countries
If you are using the Services from regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that we may transfer your Personal information to multiple countries throughout the world, including the United States. 
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. 
By providing your Personal Information to the Service, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable data protection law when transferring your Personal Information outside of this area. 
In particular, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to our U.S. headquarters or third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or rely on third parties’ certification to the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. 
Privacy Shield frameworks, where applicable. 
You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA.

## 5. Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period or to, or such information is necessary to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. 

## 6. Our Commitment to Security
Raindrop.io employs a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of, access to and use of Information that Raindrop.io collects or receives.
However, Raindrop.io cannot guarantee the security of your Information.

## 7. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. 
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, then you may alert us at info@raindrop.io. 
If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 16, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information.

## 8. Do Not Track
Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track” feature. 
Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals.

## 9. Your Rights and Choices
### Global Rights
Upon request, Raindrop.io will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. 
You can update or correct Personal Information (e.g., your email address) by accessing your account. 
You can also access or rectify your information by reaching out to us at dpo@raindrop.io. 
You can delete your information by sending an email to info@raindrop.io with your first name, last name, and the respective email addresses you would like for us to delete. 
To opt-out of receiving our newsletters or marketing emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails communications you receive, access the email preferences in your account settings page, or contact us at the above email address. 
Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored in light of legal obligations or ongoing disputes, or where retention is necessary to enforce our agreements or protect our or another party’s rights, property, safety, or security.

### European Rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may have the right to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company.
In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.

## 10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact Raindrop.io via email (info@raindrop.io) or at the following address:
Raindrop.io’s Data Protection Officer may be contacted via email (dpo@raindrop.io).

If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, Raindrop.io is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, or would like to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information, please contact dpo@raindrop.io

## 11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. 

If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Service, we will notify you through our Service, by email, or other communication.

Commit message:

Update privacy links to Google and Youtube

docs/legal/privacy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Policy
slug: /privacy
---

Raindrop.io (or "Us/We/Our”) cares about the privacy of individuals who visit our website at https://raindrop.io/ or use our Raindrop.io browser extension, desktop and mobile application or access our API, and otherwise do business with us. 

This Privacy Policy explains how Raindrop.io collects, uses, processes, discloses, and safeguards information we obtain from and about our customers, visitors to our Sites, and business prospects and partners (collectively, "You”), including information we collect when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications or other services offered by Raindrop.io, or purchase our products and services (collectively, our "Services”). 

It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. 

Your use of the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service that can be viewed at  https://help.raindrop.io/terms.

## 1. How Raindrop.io Collects Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you, our business partner, from various sources described below.

Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.

### i. Personal Information Provided by You
#### Registration and Other Information You Provide
We collect your information, including your sign-in credentials, name and email address (if provided), when you register to use our Services, request that we contact you or provide additional information to you, or attend an event.

#### Communications
If you contact us directly, such as to request information or access to the Services, or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication. We may receive information when you complete a form on our Sites.

#### Payment Information
Payments information provided by you via the Sites will be stored and processed by FastSpring. We will collect certain information on the Sites required for FastSpring to process payments, including credit / debit card numbers, security numbers and other related payment information. All such information is subject to the privacy policy of FastSpring (available here  https://fastspring.com/privacy/).

### ii. Information We Collect When You Use the Services
#### Device Information
We receive information about your device, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, mobile device model, device manufacturer and model, language codes.

#### Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device.
When you use our Services, we and our third party service providers may collect information from you through cookies.

We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. 
If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of the Services may not work fully.

We work with analytics provider called Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://policies.google.com/privacy, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Be sure that when you add links to a Youtube videos you also accept a Youtube Terms of Service, learn more here https://www.youtube.com/static?template=terms

#### Additional data gathered from our browser extension
It's opt-in feature (disabled by default): We can mark currently opened browser tab as saved in your Raindrop.io account, in this case blue start icon will appear on browser action button.
We use URL of currently open browser tab to determine this information.
**We do not send this data to our server, nor other third parties**.

## 2. How Raindrop.io Uses Information
Raindrop.io will use information, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:

#### Providing the Service
We use your information to provide our Services.

#### Analytics
We will use your information to understand and analyze how you use our Services.

#### Communications
Raindrop.io will use your information to communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and to send emails to an email address you provide to us for customer-service or technical-support purposes.

If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when:

You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example, to receive marketing communications. 
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. 
We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal;
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including for account registration, or to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; and
We or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. 
In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services.

## 3. How Raindrop.io Discloses Information
### As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
We may disclose information about you: 
(i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; 
(ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; 
(iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss to property; 
or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.

## 4. Transfer to Other Countries
If you are using the Services from regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that we may transfer your Personal information to multiple countries throughout the world, including the United States. 
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. 
By providing your Personal Information to the Service, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable data protection law when transferring your Personal Information outside of this area. 
In particular, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to our U.S. headquarters or third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or rely on third parties’ certification to the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. 
Privacy Shield frameworks, where applicable. 
You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA.

## 5. Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period or to, or such information is necessary to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. 

## 6. Our Commitment to Security
Raindrop.io employs a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of, access to and use of Information that Raindrop.io collects or receives.
However, Raindrop.io cannot guarantee the security of your Information.

## 7. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. 
If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, then you may alert us at info@raindrop.io. 
If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 16, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information.

## 8. Do Not Track
Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track” feature. 
Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals.

## 9. Your Rights and Choices
### Global Rights
Upon request, Raindrop.io will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. 
You can update or correct Personal Information (e.g., your email address) by accessing your account. 
You can also access or rectify your information by reaching out to us at dpo@raindrop.io. 
You can delete your information by sending an email to info@raindrop.io with your first name, last name, and the respective email addresses you would like for us to delete. 
To opt-out of receiving our newsletters or marketing emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails communications you receive, access the email preferences in your account settings page, or contact us at the above email address. 
Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored in light of legal obligations or ongoing disputes, or where retention is necessary to enforce our agreements or protect our or another party’s rights, property, safety, or security.

### European Rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may have the right to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company.
In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.

## 10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact Raindrop.io via email (info@raindrop.io) or at the following address:
Raindrop.io’s Data Protection Officer may be contacted via email (dpo@raindrop.io).

If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, Raindrop.io is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, or would like to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information, please contact dpo@raindrop.io

## 11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. 

If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Service, we will notify you through our Service, by email, or other communication.
