docs/integrations/automation.md, before:

---
title: Automation
slug: /automation
---
## Introduction

You can add new items from different services like Youtube, Twitter, Google Docs, etc to Raindrop.io and vise-versa in automated way.
To achive this you need to use a glue-app:

## IFTTT (Recommended)
IFTTT (If This Then That) allows you to link one service with another and come up with automated actions.

Naturally, when you combine these two, the end result is awesomeness. 
If you add a lot of stuff to Raindrop.io or even if you’re just getting started, check out the list below:

- [Send new bookmarks to Google Sheet](https://ifttt.com/applets/hn5RNTPp-log-new-items-in-raindrop-io-to-a-google-sheet)
- [Save favorite Youtube videos](https://ifttt.com/applets/DJyFrvNd-save-liked-youtube-video-to-raindrop-io)
- [Save favorite Tweets](https://ifttt.com/applets/zY5kqKtL-save-the-tweets-you-like-in-raindrop-io)
- [**Check all recipes**](https://ifttt.com/raindrop)

You can even [create your own integrations](https://ifttt.com/create)! Just select Raindrop.io from apps list.

## n8n
n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Raindrop features, including getting users, deleting tags, and creating, updating, deleting and getting collections and bookmarks.

[Learn more](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.raindrop/)

## Make.com
Connect Raindrop.io with any of your favorite apps in just a few clicks

[Learn more](https://www.make.com/en/integrations/raindrop-io)

## Coda
Connect Raindrop.io bookmarks with your documents

[Learn more](https://coda.io/packs/raindrop-io-11475)

Commit message:

Add Node-RED integration details to automation documentation

docs/integrations/automation.md, after:

---
title: Automation
slug: /automation
---
## Introduction

You can add new items from different services like Youtube, Twitter, Google Docs, etc to Raindrop.io and vise-versa in automated way.
To achive this you need to use a glue-app:

## IFTTT (Recommended)
IFTTT (If This Then That) allows you to link one service with another and come up with automated actions.

Naturally, when you combine these two, the end result is awesomeness. 
If you add a lot of stuff to Raindrop.io or even if you’re just getting started, check out the list below:

- [Send new bookmarks to Google Sheet](https://ifttt.com/applets/hn5RNTPp-log-new-items-in-raindrop-io-to-a-google-sheet)
- [Save favorite Youtube videos](https://ifttt.com/applets/DJyFrvNd-save-liked-youtube-video-to-raindrop-io)
- [Save favorite Tweets](https://ifttt.com/applets/zY5kqKtL-save-the-tweets-you-like-in-raindrop-io)
- [**Check all recipes**](https://ifttt.com/raindrop)

You can even [create your own integrations](https://ifttt.com/create)! Just select Raindrop.io from apps list.

## n8n
n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Raindrop features, including getting users, deleting tags, and creating, updating, deleting and getting collections and bookmarks.

[Learn more](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.raindrop/)

## Node-RED
For Node-RED users, there is a community-maintained project that provides nodes covering the whole Web API endpoints to interact with Raindrop.io.

[Learn more](https://flows.nodered.org/node/@dotwee/node-red-raindrop)

## Make.com
Connect Raindrop.io with any of your favorite apps in just a few clicks

[Learn more](https://www.make.com/en/integrations/raindrop-io)

## Coda
Connect Raindrop.io bookmarks with your documents

[Learn more](https://coda.io/packs/raindrop-io-11475)
